# List of Prospective Ideas

Meeting Notes of the first Tech Cohort Meeting 05.07.2021

Attendees:
 - Raj
 - Sandipan
 - Kartik
 - Vishal
 - Sachin

## A Comprehensive Node Demonstration

The idea behind this is to demonstrate to public (across different technical capabilities) on Bitcoin Nodes. What they, what they do, how they look like, how to operate them. This intends to be a big session of 2 to 2.5 hours, with PPT, technical discussions, demonstrations and QnA.

 - PPT on Bitcoin Nodes :                       20 mins
 - On screen demo of Bitcoin-Cli rpc controls:  20 mins
 - Node Interfaces Demo : 40 mins
 - Wallet node connection demo : 15 mins
 - LN Node operation demo (PT + Umbrel in testnet) : 45 mins

### Individual Segment Details
 - NA
 - NA


**Time:  2.5 hours.**


**Demonstrators:**
 - NA
 - NA 
## Presentation on Coinjoin + Payjoin with Demo

A brief presentation and demonstration on purpose and use of joining techniques.

**Time: 20 mins**

**Demonstrator:**
 - Sachin 

## BIPs, Core Review Process, Mailing List (Where the Bitcoin party happens)

A presentation on the different platforms for various Bitcoin protocol layer Open Source organization mechanisms.

 - What Are BIPs
 - How PRs are made and reviewed in Bitcoin-Core
 - What is Mailing List, what happens there
 - What is the IRC chat network 
 - Rough Consensus, what does it mean.
 - Soft Fork and Hard Fork. Why some codes are easy to get in, and some are not.

**Time : 30 mins**

**Demonstrator**
 - Rajarshi Maitra

## Demo on the Galoy Stack

A presentation + on screen demonstration of using and deploying the Galoy Community stack.
 - What is Galoy. What it can be used for
 - How to deploy
 - How to connect wallet
 - Create a multisig (or other exotic stuffs)

**Time: 45 mins**

**Demonstrator**
 - Sandipan Dey


## (Potential) Presentation from Druv

This can be a good 1st end day keynote speak by Dhruv (https://twitter.com/dhruv) on BIP324. 

https://www.bip324.com/

**Time : 45 mins**

## (Potential) Summer of Bitcoin

SoB is the biggest and most comprehensive Bitcoin dev training program and operated by out home boy  Adi (https://twitter.com/adibitcoin). Would be great to have a presentation from him on the whole thing for next year candidates.

 - What is SOB
 - Whats the structure
 - Whom its for
 - How to Apply
 - Whats next after it Bitcoin FOSS world

**Time : 30 mins**

**Demonstrator**
 - Adi Shankara

## (Potential) SoB presentation by a student

We have a community member Anmol in Bangalore who has joined SoB this year and keen on presenting his experience

 - What he learned
 - Difference between SoB and "Blockchain Courses"
 - How did the process looked for a student
 - What he wished was there
 - His words for next year aspirants

**Time : 20 mins**

**Demonstrator**
 - Anmol


## Cyphernode + ColdCard + Mobile Wallets

Demonstrating how to operate business grade Bitcoin stack while maintaining privacy with CypherNode + ColdCard and Various mobile wallets.

 - What is CypherNode
 - Whats different from other nodes
 - How to setup
 - How to operate
 - How to sign from external devices (ColdCard)
 - How to connect Mobile Wallets.

**Time : 60 mins**

**Demonstrator**
 - Vishal Menon

# Hackathon Sketch

 - ### Multiple Online Hackathons before the Event
     - Have 3 online Hackathons, 1 each month, August , September, October.
     - Create the re energy before the Event
     - Get the young technical community u to speed with fun Bitcoin stuffs.
   - Hackathon Winners to be awarded in the event

 - The Grand Finale Hackathon
   - Combine all the 3 Hackathons together to make the final hackathon.
   - Live physical event.
   - Big Prize Bounty
   - Maybe at Night?? After 1st day ends.
   - Announce winner the 2nd Day

  **Time : 300 Mins (5 Hours)**

> [NOTE]
> The hackathon time is kept outside of the event time slots.


# Hacktahon Presentations

One presentation by the winning team to Demo what they built in their hacks.

20 mins each.

**Time : 80 mins**


# KeyNote End Speaker
We wanna end the event with High energy key note speak by someone reputed in the industry. Could be non technical too.

**Time : 30 mins**

### Potential Options
 - Anand Gandhi (Radical Film maker, Director of Tumbad)
 - Matt Odel
 - Stephan Livera
 - Other options


TOTAL Available Time : 960 mins (8hrs * 2days)
TOTAL Occupied Time : 560 mins (with  buffers)

Available Time Slots : 400 mins

With Buffer: 350 mins (10 PPTs of 30 Mins)





